This lesson we're
gonna be adding in
images and the various classes
that you can use in order
to position your images.
So we've got the
one where we've got
the image within the text,
where you can set it to
the left to the text,
you can set it to the
right of the text.
Also how you can set
an image to take
the full line for the full
block of available spacing,
how you can add rounding
to your images,
create images as thumbnails,
and also add the rounded
circle around the image.
And then these images,
depending on the
classes that you set,
they can be set to be fluid,
which makes them responsive.
Pickup all of the
available space
within their parent container.
We're going to add some images
into the page and then apply
some image classes that we
have so we can set them
as thumbnails as well
as responsive images,
selecting the source
for the image.
And I've got one image
here that's going to
be the bootstrap logo.
We'll just apply
that as an image on
the page and that's gonna be
listed just under
the container one.
So this image by default,
it's rather large and we can
apply some styling classes
to it in order to
be able to see it within
the main container,
to be able to see
the full image.
So let's go ahead
and we're going to
apply the image fluid.
So this is the class That's
gonna make the image responsive.
So now we can see
the full image and
as we resize the container,
resize and we can see the
image within the container.
You can also set the
image as a thumbnail.
So it's another
alternative option.
I'll add the same image
and this time we'll
get a set it up
as a thumbnail,
the IMG thumbnail.
So that's gonna be setting
it as a thumbnail.
So it provides a slight border
around the image and it's
a one-page border that's
set and it's a whiteboard or
that set around the image.
So it's slightly different
and it's still gonna be fully
responsive within the
available peach area.
You can also set the
images in aligning them.
So let's go ahead and
we're going to set
the image and create
some content within container
one within the div.
I'm going to set the view to
word drop so that we can see
the full available spacing in
that container and add this,
setting it up using a class of
rounded and then
doing the float.
And we'll set the float
to be to the start.
Once again, our image
is going to be big.
So we're gonna take
the image fluid,
bring that class
for their rounded,
it's easier to see it with
the thumbnail because we're
looking at the border.
So these are the edges that
are gonna be slightly rounded.
Let's make the image
and set a width of 100.
So that will take the width
and the height dimension.
See that float start
is going to work
and it's going to
inline it into the content,
into the surrounding content.
Let's copy this and we'll
set that to the other side.
So you can set it as
inline image and
float it to the end.
And you do need to have
the smaller images
so that they fit into the text.
And now that we've set
a width for the image,
we're not going to need
to use the fluid as
these images are gonna be set
to the width of 100 picks.
And this is in order
to demonstrate
the float start and float end.
There's also to
center the image.
So create another copy of
this and set the style.
So we're gonna keep it as
rounded and they'll apply
some other properties.
Mexico, that will
set the image on
the full block aligning
vertically the text.
It's not gonna, it's gonna
keep the first line of
text inline with the image size.
So if the image size is bigger,
when we use the MX auto
dot txt will be in
line and centered vertically
within the image height.
And the height and the width
are automatically set.
When we set either the width or
the height within
the HTML styling,
that's going to automatically
resize and keep the
dimensions of the image.
There's also a d-block,
and what that does is that
centers the image and
removes out the text
that was surrounding it.
What this did is this
essentially created the image
that took up the full block of
available code within that line.
So it's shifted the content
down so that the image
would be able to take
up the full block.
You can combine the various
classes together so you can
set the image to be fluid
as well as thumbnail.
So that's the fluid.
I'll get rid of the rounded
and set this to image.
Thumbnail.
We can have a combination where
the thumbnail is going to
add in the available
border around the image.
And then as we
resize this image,
and because we already have
fluid and image fluid,
it's already going
to be taking up
the full available width
that's available
within the container.
We can get rid of the width of
200% and the fluid
size of the image.
We'll just take
whatever's available
within the container.
So this one is going to be using
the thumbnail and it's also
going to allow us to resize it.
So you can combine the
various classes together.
You can also set the image
to be rounded circle,
the rounded circle class
That's going to provide
that rounding of the
image within the circle,
which is different than
the rounded corners
because they're
rounded corners is
slightly rounding the
edges of the images.
Instead of just having
them as a square.
You can see that better
within the thumbnail.
As the thumbnail does
have the border and
it is slightly
rounded on the edges.
And if you want a
complete circle,
you can do it this
way where we added
the rounded circle class.